IDEA: Using giantbomb API, use information about video game characters for a pinterest-like website where users can make lists of characters. The lists are named and created by the user, so a user could, for example create a “Who is the strongest?”, list and add characters from many different games however they see fit to make a list of their own opinions. Lists could be unordered as well for categories users might make that don’t need an order.

	The goal of this site is to share opinions amongst gamers between characters of games that never see overlap. A user could create and share lists of who they think is the fastest, strongest, funniest character among all of the games the user may have played. This site is geared towards gamers or those who enjoy learning and comparing fictional characters. 

	The data I will be using will be game character data from the giantbomb API. This data will include at least a name for each character along with the game or games they have appeared in, but can also include much more information about a character if the character has more information about them on the API (not all characters have the same amount of info). The list implementation of this site will allow for more accessibility among characters, as the user will most likely know more information about why they are ranking a character where, and the important part is the name and game of the character. That being said, there will be a template that is filled out with as much information as the API gives of a character, and used for each character's information page. This will allow more knowledge to users who either don't know some or all about characters who have more information available.

	My database schema will likely have a table for users, lists, and characters, although characters will only be populated with characters that have already been called by the API and put into a list. There will be foreign keys connecting users to lists, and lists to characters.

	Issues with the API I foresee might be lack of characters from a user who may want to add a character who is not in the API yet. This could be solved by creating a way to add a character not included, manually. Another slight issue could be the inconsistency with character info, although as mentioned above this isn’t the biggest deal as long as the name and game from a character is there, as those will likely be the two pieces of information visible to the standard view of the list.

Sensitive information will include the user’s password, and the possibility to create private lists if desired.

The functionality will include the user’s ability to create, update, delete, and possibly copy a list of game characters called from an API. The users themselves will have a profile with the various lists they have created, with any private lists hidden to all but the logged in user if it is their profile. Beyond that, users will be able to have a “favorite character” featured on their profile for others to see if they go to the user’s profile. Perhaps beyond all of this could be the ability to follow or friend other users to keep up with their lists, and create a wall that shows updates to friends’ lists and comment on them. 
